TiKV configuration: update max-peer-down-duration default value (#5933)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `max-peer-down-duration`

+ The longest inactive duration allowed for a peer. A peer with timeout is marked as `down`, and PD tries to delete it later.
+ Default value: `"10m"`

> + Minimum value: When Hibernate Region is enabled, the minimum value is peer-stale-check-interval * 2；when Hibernate Region is not enabled, it is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Minimum value: When Hibernate Region is enabled, the minimum value is `peer-stale-check-interval * 2`；when Hibernate Region is disabled, the minimum value is `0`.
```
